Add topic about GPL (#1679)
github/explore: topics/gpl/index.md

---
aliases: gplv2, gplv3, gnu-public-license, gnu-general-public-license
display_name: GNU General Public License

> short_description: GNU General Public License is a 
>  free software license published by the Free Software Foundation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
short_description: GNU General Public License is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation.
```

---
aliases: gplv2, gplv3, gnu-public-license, gnu-general-public-license
display_name: GNU General Public License
short_description: GNU General Public License is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation.
topic: gpl
wikipedia_url: https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/GNU_General_Public_License
---

> GNU General Public License is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation whose main terms include making the source code open source and ensures no warranty.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
GNU General Public License is a free software license published by the Free Software Foundation whose main terms guarantee users the freedom to run, study, share and modify the software.
```
